What's the goal of Hightail? Hightail
came out in early access a few days ago,
and I've had a ton of people ask me what
the main goals are, and if there's a
final boss, like the Ender Dragon in the
game. So, here are the main things to
do. When you first spawn in, there will
be a forgotten temple gateway nearby. Go
to it, kill the golem guarding the
portal, and then go into it. Then go to
this thing and interact with it. And
this will unlock one of the major goals
of the game, memories. Anytime you
encounter a new creature, it will add it
to your memories. So, it's kind of like
Pokémon where you can encounter them
all. And if you encounter a 100
creatures, you'll unlock some new
dimensions. But those dimensions are
dangerous. So, you'll probably need some
good gear. So, another goal is to get
the best gear in the game, which is
currently at a mantite and requires
several hours of work and trips to
dangerous biomes to get. And then once
you have 100 memories and some good
gear, you can craft keys to three new
dungeons. These dungeons are like the
major biomes, but a whole world of it.
And they have a time limit on them.
They're work in progress, though.